doc: add `Create a release` section in readme (#585)
ToucanToco/weaverbird: README.md

  - your-page-doc-name
```

> #### Create a release

Reviewer: Level 4 means it would be a subtitle of `Project Set up > Build and run the documentation website`
I think it is more linked to the `Publication` title, so I would put it under it.

> Define new version using [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/)

> > Create a new local branch `release/X.Y.Z` from master :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new local branch `release/X.Y.Z` from master 
```

`>` means blockquote in markdown. I think you want bullet points instead (`-` or `*`)

ex: `release/0.20.0`

> > Update package version in `package.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Update the `version` property in `package.json`
```

> > Check differences between last release and current and fill `CHANGELOG.md` with updates
> 
> > Delete the ```##changes``` title at start of the `CHANGELOG.md` if provided
> 
> > Add the date and version at start of `CHANGELOG.md` following this convention:

Reviewer: It would be nice to make one bullet point abut the changelog, and then multiple sub bullet points for subtasks:

```suggestion
- Check differences between last release and current and fill `CHANGELOG.md` with updates
  - Delete the ```##changes``` title at start of the `CHANGELOG.md` if provided
  - Add the date and version at start of `CHANGELOG.md` following this convention:
```
etc.

What do you think?
You can use the preview in GitHub to get an idea of how it will be rendered: https://github.com/ToucanToco/weaverbird/tree/f/readme-release-update#create-a-release

```
[X.Y.Z] - YYYY-MM-DD
```
ex: `[0.20.0] - 2020-08-03`

> Add link to the `CHANGELOG.md` from this version to the previous one at the end of the `CHANGELOG.md` :

```
[X.Y.Z]: https://github.com/ToucanToco/weaverbird/compare/voldX.oldY.oldZ...vX.Y.Z
```

ex: [0.20.0]: https://github.com/ToucanToco/weaverbird/compare/v0.19.2...v0.20.0

> Commit changes with version number:

ex: v0.20.0

> Push branch

> Create a pull request into master from your branch

> When pull request is merged, [create a release](https://github.com/ToucanToco/weaverbird/releases) with the version number in tag version and title (no description needed):

ex: v0.20.0

> > Push publish release ( a tag will be automatically created as well as the [package publication](https://github.com/ToucanToco/weaverbird/actions?query=workflow%3A%22npm+publish%22) )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Hit the "publish release" button (this will automatically create a tag and trigger the [package publication](https://github.com/ToucanToco/weaverbird/actions?query=workflow%3A%22npm+publish%22))
```
